okay I'm dr. Ellen Hollman I'm the head
veterinarian for the 2011 Yukon Quest
and behind it here we're having the
pre-race veterinary checks for both the
thousand-mile ER and the 300-mile right
now we're going walls miler teams and
we're doing is we're checking bodies
body conditions orthopedic exam checking
teeth checking cardiovascular system
checking for frostbite or air coat of
issues and you know just giving them an
overall good exam so we have
veterinarians from all over the world
here we have a couple of research
projects going on this year one from
Cornell University and one from Oklahoma
State so it looks like we're going to
have a really good vet crew this year
and it looks like so far the dogs are in
exceptionally good shape so you know
that's the purpose for these checks
yeah can you explain what you're doing
yeah so so it's 16 and 17 we got me just
one pina so we're taking a percent of
body fat and then we're going to measure
that in the middle and the end of the
race just to see how much changes just
with the race with the dogs burning
calories and losing something
yes
the other one
Wow